README.md, before:

# citydash
CityDash/CodeForBoston

Purpose : 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This project is used to give updates about the zoning changes to the users/subscribers of the CityDash(Dashboard). 

Features : 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- get detailed view about the zone details on the map.
- search zoning changes based on the address, zone type and description
- find the zoning changes based on their current location.
- track the zoning changes in the given radius. 
- All the registered users get the notifications.

Notifications : 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Via Text Messages 
- Via E-mail 
- Via RSS-Feed

Technologies used: 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Python - To fetch the data from the google spreadsheet to json format for the consumption of the dashboard
- GeoDjango - To store spatial data and user preferences
- HTML/CSS - For display purpose 
- Backbone.js , require - for MVC 
- Bootstrap - for responsive design 
- Leaflet - for the interactive map view

Commit message:

Renamed citydash -> cornerwise
Also fixed some issues with Postgres setup, hopefully for good.

README.md, after:

# cornerwise
Cornerwise/CodeForBoston

Purpose : 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This project is used to give updates about the zoning changes to the users/subscribers of Cornerwise. 

Features : 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- get detailed view about the zone details on the map.
- search zoning changes based on the address, zone type and description
- find the zoning changes based on their current location.
- track the zoning changes in the given radius. 
- All the registered users get the notifications.

Notifications : 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Via Text Messages 
- Via E-mail 
- Via RSS Feed

Technologies used: 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Python/GeoDjango - Webserver
- PostGIS
- HTML/CSS - For display purpose 
- Backbone.js , require - for MVC 
- Leaflet - for the interactive map view
